Feature/pinning file support (#22)
ynput/ayon-usd: Docs/Ayon_Docs/Admin_Docs.md

## Introduction

> **_NOTE_**\
> this addon is currently in its Alpha stage and you will need to set some
> LakeFs keys (LakeFs is the data server we use to distribute Bin data) you can
> get those Keys on our Discord server just ask one of the Ynput staff for them.
> the settings are the following:
> `ayon+settings://ayon_usd/LakeFs_Settings/access_key_id` and
> `ayon+settings://ayon_usd/LakeFs_Settings/secret_access_key`

USD is a modern, open-source, scene description and file format developed by
Pixar Animation Studios. Its an Extensive and extendable C++Lib that is used in
3D, 2D and Games Graphics in order to allow for eficient work with Sceene data.

Many might know it from SideFs Houdini Solaris or Nvidia Omniverse but it is by
now included in most other Vfx software packages.

In AYON we use it in our New **Contribution workflow** as the data backend to
allow cross Platform and Application workflows. This allows for better
integrated Teams and a more artist centric Workflow as artists can open the same
scene in different applications and work with the tools that serve them the
best.

> Goal of this addon is to extend the Contirbution workflow by automaticly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Goal of this addon is to extend the Contribution workflow by automatically
```

distributing Usd and Ayon Libs:

- USD-Lib build for supported platforms.
- USD AR2 [Asset Resolver](https://github.com/ynput/ayon-usd-resolver) plugin
  for
  [**some**](https://github.com/ynput/ayon-usd-resolver?tab=readme-ov-file#tested-platforms)
  supported DCCs.
- USD Tools (usdcat, usdedit, usdinfo, usdview, usdzip) coming with USD build.
- Standalone tools for AYON - Extending the capability and usability of the
  OpenUsdLib for artists and studios.

## Configuration

> there is a list of things that you can configure in the server settings to
> achieve the optimal setup for your studio. In most cases you will probably not
> need to touch them tho.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a list of things that you can configure in the server settings to
achieve the optimal setup for your studio. In most cases you will probably not
need to touch them though.
```

resolvers and AyonUsdLibs from LakeFs.

**LakeFs Server URI:**

`ayon+settings://ayon_usd/LakeFs_Settings/ayon_usd_lake_fs_server_repo`

This is the URI used to host the LakeFs server. You can find the Ynput server at
`https://lake.ayon.cloud`.

**LakeFs Repository URI:**

`ayon+settings://ayon_usd/LakeFs_Settings/ayon_usd_lake_fs_server_repo`

This is a LakeFs internal link that specifies the branch you are downloading
from. This can be useful if you want to pin your pipeline to a specific release.

**Asset Resolvers:**

`ayon+settings://ayon_usd/LakeFs_Settings/asset_resolvers`

This allows you to associate a specific Application name with a specific
resolver. We always set up all the resolvers we compile, but if you have special
App_Names in your Applications, you might want to add an App Alias. For example,
if you have "hou19.5.xxx" set up as a variant for Houdini, you can then set it
as an alias for the Hou19.5 entry because they share the same resolver.

I made the following changes:

- Added headings and separators to make the text easier to read
- Changed the formatting of the URI links to make them more readable
- Reformatted some of the sentences to improve clarity

> - Added a few words here and there to help explain what each setting does

Reviewer: Not sure what this is? Is this a changelog? Or, what changes?... I don't think this should be in the docs but should maybe be part of a commit message or PR description?

Author: I have no idea what this is or why it's there. 
I removed it via commit.
